README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

Revise README for Bike Tracker app
Updated app name and enhanced project description.

README.md, after:

# Bike Tracker🚲

This app was created to support your daily indoor cycling sessions, it allows you to log each workout by entering key data such as duration, average speed, distance, and calories burned.
The app also includes weekly goals that automatically reset every Monday. In the History tab, you can review your recent workouts, compare performance over time, and track your personal records.


## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.
